Refactor bridge_info.json to support HA (#8)
klaytn/sc-vt: README.md

# Requirement
1. `bridge_info.json` should be properly set before running tests. For details, see [Configuration](#configuration).
2. Set `RPC_API="klay,subbridge"` in your `kscnd.conf`

# Install dependencies
`$ npm install`

# Configuration
Before running these examples, you should properly configure `common/bridge_info.json`.
It has the following fields:
- `sender.child.key` and `sender.parent.key`: The value transfer example requires an account in the parent and the child

> in order to send transactions. The `key` fields hold the hex private key value for those accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sender.child.key` and `sender.parent.key`: An account with enough Klay is required to make a value transfer on both parent/child chains. Note that it's okay to have no Klay If the gas price is set as zero. The `key` fields hold the hex private key value for those accounts.
```

Author: When we send Klay to ServiceChain, we still need no Klay if the Gas price is set to 0?

Reviewer: I've misread as an operator. That meant a zero transaction fee if the gas unit is zero. I'm sorry.

- `url.children[]`: There should be at least one bridge to be configured before testing
value transfer. The `url.children` field holds the list of URLs for the bridge configured childe nodes.

> Note that the URL is used for the `subbridge` API, so `subbridge` RPC should be enabled in the child nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url.children[]`: This field holds the list of child node's URLs for the bridge to be configured.
The URL is used to send `subbridge` JSON-RPC requests without the need to interact with the console. It requires `subbridge` to be set in the configuration (`kscnd.conf`) for the available RPC list.
```

> - `url.parent`: We need an endpoint node for the parent chain to send transactions using Caver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url.parent`: This field is a running endpoint node on the parent chain to be delivered transactions generated using Caver.
```
